.TH "chbevd_2stage.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chbevd_2stage.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBchbevd_2stage\fP (JOBZ, UPLO, \fBN\fP, KD, AB, LDAB, W, Z, LDZ, WORK, LWORK, RWORK, LRWORK, IWORK, LIWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fB CHBEVD_2STAGE computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine chbevd_2stage (character JOBZ, character UPLO, integer N, integer KD, complex, dimension( ldab, * ) AB, integer LDAB, real, dimension( * ) W, complex, dimension( ldz, * ) Z, integer LDZ, complex, dimension( * ) WORK, integer LWORK, real, dimension( * ) RWORK, integer LRWORK, integer, dimension( * ) IWORK, integer LIWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fB CHBEVD_2STAGE computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CHBEVD_2STAGE computes all the eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors of
 a complex Hermitian band matrix A using the 2stage technique for
 the reduction to tridiagonal.  If eigenvectors are desired, it
 uses a divide and conquer algorithm.

 The divide and conquer algorithm makes very mild assumptions about
 floating point arithmetic. It will work on machines with a guard
 digit in add/subtract, or on those binary machines without guard
 digits which subtract like the Cray X-MP, Cray Y-MP, Cray C-90, or
 Cray-2. It could conceivably fail on hexadecimal or decimal machines
 without guard digits, but we know of none.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
                  Not available in this release.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKD\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KD is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of subdiagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KD >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDAB, N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the Hermitian band
          matrix A, stored in the first KD+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the array AB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(kd+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-kd)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kd).

          On exit, AB is overwritten by values generated during the
          reduction to tridiagonal form.  If UPLO = 'U', the first
          superdiagonal and the diagonal of the tridiagonal matrix T
          are returned in rows KD and KD+1 of AB, and if UPLO = 'L',
          the diagonal and first subdiagonal of T are returned in the
          first two rows of AB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KD + 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, Z contains the orthonormal
          eigenvectors of the matrix A, with the i-th column of Z
          holding the eigenvector associated with W(i).
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The length of the array WORK. LWORK >= 1, when N <= 1;
          otherwise  
          If JOBZ = 'N' and N > 1, LWORK must be queried.
                                   LWORK = MAX(1, dimension) where
                                   dimension = (2KD+1)*N + KD*NTHREADS
                                   where KD is the size of the band.
                                   NTHREADS is the number of threads used when
                                   openMP compilation is enabled, otherwise =1.
          If JOBZ = 'V' and N > 1, LWORK must be queried. Not yet available.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK, RWORK and
          IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries of
          the WORK, RWORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message
          related to LWORK or LRWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is REAL array,
                                         dimension (LRWORK)
          On exit, if INFO = 0, RWORK(1) returns the optimal LRWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LRWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of array RWORK.
          If N <= 1,               LRWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ = 'N' and N > 1, LRWORK must be at least N.
          If JOBZ = 'V' and N > 1, LRWORK must be at least
                        1 + 5*N + 2*N**2.

          If LRWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK, RWORK
          and IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries
          of the WORK, RWORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message
          related to LWORK or LRWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (MAX(1,LIWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, IWORK(1) returns the optimal LIWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LIWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of array IWORK.
          If JOBZ = 'N' or N <= 1, LIWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ = 'V' and N > 1, LIWORK must be at least 3 + 5*N .

          If LIWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK, RWORK
          and IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries
          of the WORK, RWORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message
          related to LWORK or LRWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the algorithm failed to converge; i
                off-diagonal elements of an intermediate tridiagonal
                form did not converge to zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  All details about the 2stage techniques are available in:

  Azzam Haidar, Hatem Ltaief, and Jack Dongarra.
  Parallel reduction to condensed forms for symmetric eigenvalue problems
  using aggregated fine-grained and memory-aware kernels. In Proceedings
  of 2011 International Conference for High Performance Computing,
  Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC '11), New York, NY, USA,
  Article 8 , 11 pages.
  http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2063384.2063394

  A. Haidar, J. Kurzak, P. Luszczek, 2013.
  An improved parallel singular value algorithm and its implementation 
  for multicore hardware, In Proceedings of 2013 International Conference
  for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC '13).
  Denver, Colorado, USA, 2013.
  Article 90, 12 pages.
  http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2503210.2503292

  A. Haidar, R. Solca, S. Tomov, T. Schulthess and J. Dongarra.
  A novel hybrid CPU-GPU generalized eigensolver for electronic structure 
  calculations based on fine-grained memory aware tasks.
  International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications.
  Volume 28 Issue 2, Pages 196-209, May 2014.
  http://hpc.sagepub.com/content/28/2/196 
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 262 of file chbevd_2stage\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
