.TH "chetrs_aa_2stage.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chetrs_aa_2stage.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBchetrs_aa_2stage\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, \fBNRHS\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, TB, LTB, IPIV, IPIV2, B, \fBLDB\fP, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBCHETRS_AA_2STAGE\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine chetrs_aa_2stage (character UPLO, integer N, integer NRHS, complex, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex, dimension( * ) TB, integer LTB, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV2, complex, dimension( ldb, * ) B, integer LDB, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBCHETRS_AA_2STAGE\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CHETRS_AA_2STAGE solves a system of linear equations A*X = B with a real
 hermitian matrix A using the factorization A = U*T*U**T or
 A = L*T*L**T computed by CHETRF_AA_2STAGE.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the details of the factorization are stored
          as an upper or lower triangular matrix.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular, form is A = U*T*U**T;
          = 'L':  Lower triangular, form is A = L*T*L**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          Details of factors computed by CHETRF_AA_2STAGE.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TB is COMPLEX array, dimension (LTB)
          Details of factors computed by CHETRF_AA_2STAGE.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILTB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          The size of the array TB. LTB >= 4*N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges as computed by
          CHETRF_AA_2STAGE.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV2 is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges as computed by
          CHETRF_AA_2STAGE.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          On entry, the right hand side matrix B.
          On exit, the solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 142 of file chetrs_aa_2stage\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
