.TH "cla_porcond_c.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cla_porcond_c.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "real function \fBcla_porcond_c\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, AF, LDAF, C, CAPPLY, INFO, WORK, RWORK)"
.br
.RI "\fBCLA_PORCOND_C\fP computes the infinity norm condition number of op(A)*inv(diag(c)) for Hermitian positive-definite matrices\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "real function cla_porcond_c (character UPLO, integer N, complex, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex, dimension( ldaf, * ) AF, integer LDAF, real, dimension( * ) C, logical CAPPLY, integer INFO, complex, dimension( * ) WORK, real, dimension( * ) RWORK)"

.PP
\fBCLA_PORCOND_C\fP computes the infinity norm condition number of op(A)*inv(diag(c)) for Hermitian positive-definite matrices\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
    CLA_PORCOND_C Computes the infinity norm condition number of
    op(A) * inv(diag(C)) where C is a REAL vector
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
       = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
       = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
     matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
     On entry, the N-by-N matrix A
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AF is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDAF,N)
     The triangular factor U or L from the Cholesky factorization
     A = U**H*U or A = L*L**H, as computed by CPOTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAF is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AF.  LDAF >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is REAL array, dimension (N)
     The vector C in the formula op(A) * inv(diag(C)).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICAPPLY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CAPPLY is LOGICAL
     If .TRUE. then access the vector C in the formula above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
       = 0:  Successful exit.
     i > 0:  The ith argument is invalid.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (2*N).
     Workspace.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is REAL array, dimension (N).
     Workspace.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
June 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 132 of file cla_porcond_c\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
