.TH "clarz.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
clarz.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBclarz\fP (SIDE, M, \fBN\fP, L, V, INCV, TAU, C, LDC, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fBCLARZ\fP applies an elementary reflector (as returned by stzrzf) to a general matrix\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine clarz (character SIDE, integer M, integer N, integer L, complex, dimension( * ) V, integer INCV, complex TAU, complex, dimension( ldc, * ) C, integer LDC, complex, dimension( * ) WORK)"

.PP
\fBCLARZ\fP applies an elementary reflector (as returned by stzrzf) to a general matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CLARZ applies a complex elementary reflector H to a complex
 M-by-N matrix C, from either the left or the right. H is represented
 in the form

       H = I - tau * v * v**H

 where tau is a complex scalar and v is a complex vector.

 If tau = 0, then H is taken to be the unit matrix.

 To apply H**H (the conjugate transpose of H), supply conjg(tau) instead
 tau.

 H is a product of k elementary reflectors as returned by CTZRZF.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': form  H * C
          = 'R': form  C * H
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          L is INTEGER
          The number of entries of the vector V containing
          the meaningful part of the Householder vectors.
          If SIDE = 'L', M >= L >= 0, if SIDE = 'R', N >= L >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is COMPLEX array, dimension (1+(L-1)*abs(INCV))
          The vector v in the representation of H as returned by
          CTZRZF. V is not used if TAU = 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCV is INTEGER
          The increment between elements of v. INCV <> 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is COMPLEX
          The value tau in the representation of H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by the matrix H * C if SIDE = 'L',
          or C * H if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension
                         (N) if SIDE = 'L'
                      or (M) if SIDE = 'R'
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
A\&. Petitet, Computer Science Dept\&., Univ\&. of Tenn\&., Knoxville, USA 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file clarz\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
