.TH "claset.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
claset.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBclaset\fP (UPLO, M, \fBN\fP, ALPHA, BETA, A, \fBLDA\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fBCLASET\fP initializes the off-diagonal elements and the diagonal elements of a matrix to given values\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine claset (character UPLO, integer M, integer N, complex ALPHA, complex BETA, complex, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA)"

.PP
\fBCLASET\fP initializes the off-diagonal elements and the diagonal elements of a matrix to given values\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CLASET initializes a 2-D array A to BETA on the diagonal and
 ALPHA on the offdiagonals.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the part of the matrix A to be set.
          = 'U':      Upper triangular part is set. The lower triangle
                      is unchanged.
          = 'L':      Lower triangular part is set. The upper triangle
                      is unchanged.
          Otherwise:  All of the matrix A is set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          On entry, M specifies the number of rows of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          On entry, N specifies the number of columns of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX
          All the offdiagonal array elements are set to ALPHA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is COMPLEX
          All the diagonal array elements are set to BETA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the m by n matrix A.
          On exit, A(i,j) = ALPHA, 1 <= i <= m, 1 <= j <= n, i.ne.j;
                   A(i,i) = BETA , 1 <= i <= min(m,n)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file claset\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
