.TH "cpotrf2.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cpotrf2.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "recursive subroutine \fBcpotrf2\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBCPOTRF2\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "recursive subroutine cpotrf2 (character UPLO, integer N, complex, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBCPOTRF2\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CPOTRF2 computes the Cholesky factorization of a real symmetric
 positive definite matrix A using the recursive algorithm.

 The factorization has the form
    A = U**H * U,  if UPLO = 'U', or
    A = L  * L**H,  if UPLO = 'L',
 where U is an upper triangular matrix and L is lower triangular.

 This is the recursive version of the algorithm. It divides
 the matrix into four submatrices:

        [  A11 | A12  ]  where A11 is n1 by n1 and A22 is n2 by n2
    A = [ -----|----- ]  with n1 = n/2
        [  A21 | A22  ]       n2 = n-n1

 The subroutine calls itself to factor A11. Update and scale A21
 or A12, update A22 then calls itself to factor A22.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          N-by-N upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the factor U or L from the Cholesky
          factorization A = U**H*U or A = L*L**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the leading minor of order i is not
                positive definite, and the factorization could not be
                completed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
June 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file cpotrf2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
