.TH "csytrs2.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
csytrs2.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcsytrs2\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, \fBNRHS\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, IPIV, B, \fBLDB\fP, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBCSYTRS2\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine csytrs2 (character UPLO, integer N, integer NRHS, complex, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, complex, dimension( ldb, * ) B, integer LDB, complex, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBCSYTRS2\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CSYTRS2 solves a system of linear equations A*X = B with a COMPLEX
 symmetric matrix A using the factorization A = U*D*U**T or
 A = L*D*L**T computed by CSYTRF and converted by CSYCONV.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the details of the factorization are stored
          as an upper or lower triangular matrix.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular, form is A = U*D*U**T;
          = 'L':  Lower triangular, form is A = L*D*L**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The block diagonal matrix D and the multipliers used to
          obtain the factor U or L as computed by CSYTRF.
          Note that A is input / output. This might be counter-intuitive,
          and one may think that A is input only. A is input / output. This
          is because, at the start of the subroutine, we permute A in a
          "better" form and then we permute A back to its original form at
          the end.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D
          as determined by CSYTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          On entry, the right hand side matrix B.
          On exit, the solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 134 of file csytrs2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
