.TH "dgelqt.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgelqt.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdgelqt\fP (M, \fBN\fP, MB, A, \fBLDA\fP, T, LDT, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDGELQT\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dgelqt (integer M, integer N, integer MB, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension( ldt, * ) T, integer LDT, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDGELQT\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGELQT computes a blocked LQ factorization of a real M-by-N matrix A
 using the compact WY representation of Q.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIMB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          MB is INTEGER
          The block size to be used in the blocked QR.  MIN(M,N) >= MB >= 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix A.
          On exit, the elements on and below the diagonal of the array
          contain the M-by-MIN(M,N) lower trapezoidal matrix L (L is
          lower triangular if M <= N); the elements above the diagonal
          are the rows of V.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDT,MIN(M,N))
          The upper triangular block reflectors stored in compact form
          as a sequence of upper triangular blocks.  See below
          for further details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= MB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MB*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The matrix V stores the elementary reflectors H(i) in the i-th row
  above the diagonal. For example, if M=5 and N=3, the matrix V is

               V = (  1  v1 v1 v1 v1 )
                   (     1  v2 v2 v2 )
                   (         1 v3 v3 )


  where the vi's represent the vectors which define H(i), which are returned
  in the matrix A.  The 1's along the diagonal of V are not stored in A.
  Let K=MIN(M,N).  The number of blocks is B = ceiling(K/MB), where each
  block is of order MB except for the last block, which is of order
  IB = K - (B-1)*MB.  For each of the B blocks, a upper triangular block
  reflector factor is computed: T1, T2, ..., TB.  The MB-by-MB (and IB-by-IB
  for the last block) T's are stored in the MB-by-K matrix T as

               T = (T1 T2 ... TB).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 141 of file dgelqt\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
