.TH "dgemqrt.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgemqrt.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdgemqrt\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, \fBN\fP, K, NB, V, LDV, T, LDT, C, LDC, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDGEMQRT\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dgemqrt (character SIDE, character TRANS, integer M, integer N, integer K, integer NB, double precision, dimension( ldv, * ) V, integer LDV, double precision, dimension( ldt, * ) T, integer LDT, double precision, dimension( ldc, * ) C, integer LDC, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDGEMQRT\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGEMQRT overwrites the general real M-by-N matrix C with

                 SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
 TRANS = 'N':      Q C            C Q
 TRANS = 'T':   Q**T C            C Q**T

 where Q is a real orthogonal matrix defined as the product of K
 elementary reflectors:

       Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(K) = I - V T V**T

 generated using the compact WY representation as returned by DGEQRT.

 Q is of order M if SIDE = 'L' and of order N  if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q**T from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q**T from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  No transpose, apply Q;
          = 'C':  Transpose, apply Q**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of elementary reflectors whose product defines
          the matrix Q.
          If SIDE = 'L', M >= K >= 0;
          if SIDE = 'R', N >= K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NB is INTEGER
          The block size used for the storage of T.  K >= NB >= 1.
          This must be the same value of NB used to generate T
          in CGEQRT.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDV,K)
          The i-th column must contain the vector which defines the
          elementary reflector H(i), for i = 1,2,...,k, as returned by
          CGEQRT in the first K columns of its array argument A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V.
          If SIDE = 'L', LDA >= max(1,M);
          if SIDE = 'R', LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDT,K)
          The upper triangular factors of the block reflectors
          as returned by CGEQRT, stored as a NB-by-N matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= NB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q C, Q**T C, C Q**T or C Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array. The dimension of
          WORK is N*NB if SIDE = 'L', or  M*NB if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 170 of file dgemqrt\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
