.TH "dgemv.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgemv.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdgemv\fP (TRANS, M, \fBN\fP, ALPHA, A, \fBLDA\fP, X, INCX, BETA, Y, INCY)"
.br
.RI "\fBDGEMV\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dgemv (character TRANS, integer M, integer N, double precision ALPHA, double precision, dimension(lda,*) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension(*) X, integer INCX, double precision BETA, double precision, dimension(*) Y, integer INCY)"

.PP
\fBDGEMV\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGEMV  performs one of the matrix-vector operations

    y := alpha*A*x + beta*y,   or   y := alpha*A**T*x + beta*y,

 where alpha and beta are scalars, x and y are vectors and A is an
 m by n matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANS specifies the operation to be performed as
           follows:

              TRANS = 'N' or 'n'   y := alpha*A*x + beta*y.

              TRANS = 'T' or 't'   y := alpha*A**T*x + beta*y.

              TRANS = 'C' or 'c'   y := alpha*A**T*x + beta*y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry, M specifies the number of rows of the matrix A.
           M must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is DOUBLE PRECISION.
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension ( LDA, N )
           Before entry, the leading m by n part of the array A must
           contain the matrix of coefficients.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ) when TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           and at least
           ( 1 + ( m - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ) otherwise.
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the
           vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is DOUBLE PRECISION.
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta. When BETA is
           supplied as zero then Y need not be set on input.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( m - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ) when TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           and at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ) otherwise.
           Before entry with BETA non-zero, the incremented array Y
           must contain the vector y. On exit, Y is overwritten by the
           updated vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.
  The vector and matrix arguments are not referenced when N = 0, or M = 0

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 158 of file dgemv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
