.TH "dgetrf2.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgetrf2.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "recursive subroutine \fBdgetrf2\fP (M, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, IPIV, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDGETRF2\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "recursive subroutine dgetrf2 (integer M, integer N, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDGETRF2\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGETRF2 computes an LU factorization of a general M-by-N matrix A
 using partial pivoting with row interchanges.

 The factorization has the form
    A = P * L * U
 where P is a permutation matrix, L is lower triangular with unit
 diagonal elements (lower trapezoidal if m > n), and U is upper
 triangular (upper trapezoidal if m < n).

 This is the recursive version of the algorithm. It divides
 the matrix into four submatrices:

        [  A11 | A12  ]  where A11 is n1 by n1 and A22 is n2 by n2
    A = [ -----|----- ]  with n1 = min(m,n)/2
        [  A21 | A22  ]       n2 = n-n1

                                       [ A11 ]
 The subroutine calls itself to factor [ --- ],
                                       [ A12 ]
                 [ A12 ]
 do the swaps on [ --- ], solve A12, update A22,
                 [ A22 ]

 then calls itself to factor A22 and do the swaps on A21.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix to be factored.
          On exit, the factors L and U from the factorization
          A = P*L*U; the unit diagonal elements of L are not stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= min(M,N), row i of the
          matrix was interchanged with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, U(i,i) is exactly zero. The factorization
                has been completed, but the factor U is exactly
                singular, and division by zero will occur if it is used
                to solve a system of equations.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
June 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file dgetrf2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
