.TH "dla_gerpvgrw.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dla_gerpvgrw.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double precision function \fBdla_gerpvgrw\fP (\fBN\fP, NCOLS, A, \fBLDA\fP, AF, LDAF)"
.br
.RI "\fBDLA_GERPVGRW\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double precision function dla_gerpvgrw (integer N, integer NCOLS, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension( ldaf, * ) AF, integer LDAF)"

.PP
\fBDLA_GERPVGRW\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLA_GERPVGRW computes the reciprocal pivot growth factor
 norm(A)/norm(U). The "max absolute element" norm is used. If this is
 much less than 1, the stability of the LU factorization of the
 (equilibrated) matrix A could be poor. This also means that the
 solution X, estimated condition numbers, and error bounds could be
 unreliable.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
     matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINCOLS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NCOLS is INTEGER
     The number of columns of the matrix A. NCOLS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
     On entry, the N-by-N matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AF is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDAF,N)
     The factors L and U from the factorization
     A = P*L*U as computed by DGETRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAF is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AF.  LDAF >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 102 of file dla_gerpvgrw\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
