.TH "dlag2s.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlag2s.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlag2s\fP (M, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, SA, LDSA, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDLAG2S\fP converts a double precision matrix to a single precision matrix\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlag2s (integer M, integer N, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, real, dimension( ldsa, * ) SA, integer LDSA, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAG2S\fP converts a double precision matrix to a single precision matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAG2S converts a DOUBLE PRECISION matrix, SA, to a SINGLE
 PRECISION matrix, A.

 RMAX is the overflow for the SINGLE PRECISION arithmetic
 DLAG2S checks that all the entries of A are between -RMAX and
 RMAX. If not the conversion is aborted and a flag is raised.

 This is an auxiliary routine so there is no argument checking.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of lines of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N coefficient matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SA is REAL array, dimension (LDSA,N)
          On exit, if INFO=0, the M-by-N coefficient matrix SA; if
          INFO>0, the content of SA is unspecified.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDSA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDSA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array SA.  LDSA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          = 1:  an entry of the matrix A is greater than the SINGLE
                PRECISION overflow threshold, in this case, the content
                of SA in exit is unspecified.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file dlag2s\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
