.TH "dlartgp.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlartgp.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlartgp\fP (F, G, CS, SN, R)"
.br
.RI "\fBDLARTGP\fP generates a plane rotation so that the diagonal is nonnegative\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlartgp (double precision F, double precision G, double precision CS, double precision SN, double precision R)"

.PP
\fBDLARTGP\fP generates a plane rotation so that the diagonal is nonnegative\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLARTGP generates a plane rotation so that

    [  CS  SN  ]  .  [ F ]  =  [ R ]   where CS**2 + SN**2 = 1.
    [ -SN  CS  ]     [ G ]     [ 0 ]

 This is a slower, more accurate version of the Level 1 BLAS routine DROTG,
 with the following other differences:
    F and G are unchanged on return.
    If G=0, then CS=(+/-)1 and SN=0.
    If F=0 and (G .ne. 0), then CS=0 and SN=(+/-)1.

 The sign is chosen so that R >= 0.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          F is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The first component of vector to be rotated.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          G is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The second component of vector to be rotated.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CS is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The cosine of the rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SN is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The sine of the rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          R is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The nonzero component of the rotated vector.

  This version has a few statements commented out for thread safety
  (machine parameters are computed on each entry). 10 feb 03, SJH.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 97 of file dlartgp\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
