.TH "dlartgs.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlartgs.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlartgs\fP (X, Y, SIGMA, CS, SN)"
.br
.RI "\fBDLARTGS\fP generates a plane rotation designed to introduce a bulge in implicit QR iteration for the bidiagonal SVD problem\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlartgs (double precision X, double precision Y, double precision SIGMA, double precision CS, double precision SN)"

.PP
\fBDLARTGS\fP generates a plane rotation designed to introduce a bulge in implicit QR iteration for the bidiagonal SVD problem\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLARTGS generates a plane rotation designed to introduce a bulge in
 Golub-Reinsch-style implicit QR iteration for the bidiagonal SVD
 problem. X and Y are the top-row entries, and SIGMA is the shift.
 The computed CS and SN define a plane rotation satisfying

    [  CS  SN  ]  .  [ X^2 - SIGMA ]  =  [ R ],
    [ -SN  CS  ]     [    X * Y    ]     [ 0 ]

 with R nonnegative.  If X^2 - SIGMA and X * Y are 0, then the
 rotation is by PI/2.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The (1,1) entry of an upper bidiagonal matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The (1,2) entry of an upper bidiagonal matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIGMA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIGMA is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The shift.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CS is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The cosine of the rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SN is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The sine of the rotation.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file dlartgs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
