.TH "dlaset.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaset.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaset\fP (UPLO, M, \fBN\fP, ALPHA, BETA, A, \fBLDA\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fBDLASET\fP initializes the off-diagonal elements and the diagonal elements of a matrix to given values\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaset (character UPLO, integer M, integer N, double precision ALPHA, double precision BETA, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA)"

.PP
\fBDLASET\fP initializes the off-diagonal elements and the diagonal elements of a matrix to given values\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLASET initializes an m-by-n matrix A to BETA on the diagonal and
 ALPHA on the offdiagonals.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the part of the matrix A to be set.
          = 'U':      Upper triangular part is set; the strictly lower
                      triangular part of A is not changed.
          = 'L':      Lower triangular part is set; the strictly upper
                      triangular part of A is not changed.
          Otherwise:  All of the matrix A is set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The constant to which the offdiagonal elements are to be set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The constant to which the diagonal elements are to be set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On exit, the leading m-by-n submatrix of A is set as follows:

          if UPLO = 'U', A(i,j) = ALPHA, 1<=i<=j-1, 1<=j<=n,
          if UPLO = 'L', A(i,j) = ALPHA, j+1<=i<=m, 1<=j<=n,
          otherwise,     A(i,j) = ALPHA, 1<=i<=m, 1<=j<=n, i.ne.j,

          and, for all UPLO, A(i,i) = BETA, 1<=i<=min(m,n).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 112 of file dlaset\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
