.TH "dormrz.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dormrz.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdormrz\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, \fBN\fP, K, L, A, \fBLDA\fP, TAU, C, LDC, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDORMRZ\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dormrz (character SIDE, character TRANS, integer M, integer N, integer K, integer L, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension( * ) TAU, double precision, dimension( ldc, * ) C, integer LDC, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK, integer LWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDORMRZ\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DORMRZ overwrites the general real M-by-N matrix C with

                 SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
 TRANS = 'N':      Q * C          C * Q
 TRANS = 'T':      Q**T * C       C * Q**T

 where Q is a real orthogonal matrix defined as the product of k
 elementary reflectors

       Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(k)

 as returned by DTZRZF. Q is of order M if SIDE = 'L' and of order N
 if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q**T from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q**T from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  No transpose, apply Q;
          = 'T':  Transpose, apply Q**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of elementary reflectors whose product defines
          the matrix Q.
          If SIDE = 'L', M >= K >= 0;
          if SIDE = 'R', N >= K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          L is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A containing
          the meaningful part of the Householder reflectors.
          If SIDE = 'L', M >= L >= 0, if SIDE = 'R', N >= L >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension
                               (LDA,M) if SIDE = 'L',
                               (LDA,N) if SIDE = 'R'
          The i-th row must contain the vector which defines the
          elementary reflector H(i), for i = 1,2,...,k, as returned by
          DTZRZF in the last k rows of its array argument A.
          A is modified by the routine but restored on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,K).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (K)
          TAU(i) must contain the scalar factor of the elementary
          reflector H(i), as returned by DTZRZF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q*C or Q**H*C or C*Q**H or C*Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          If SIDE = 'L', LWORK >= max(1,N);
          if SIDE = 'R', LWORK >= max(1,M).
          For good performance, LWORK should generally be larger.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
A\&. Petitet, Computer Science Dept\&., Univ\&. of Tenn\&., Knoxville, USA 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 189 of file dormrz\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
