.TH "dorm22.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dorm22.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdorm22\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, \fBN\fP, N1, N2, Q, LDQ, C, LDC, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDORM22\fP multiplies a general matrix by a banded orthogonal matrix\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dorm22 (character SIDE, character TRANS, integer M, integer N, integer N1, integer N2, double precision, dimension( ldq, * ) Q, integer LDQ, double precision, dimension( ldc, * ) C, integer LDC, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK, integer LWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDORM22\fP multiplies a general matrix by a banded orthogonal matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  DORM22 overwrites the general real M-by-N matrix C with

                  SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
  TRANS = 'N':      Q * C          C * Q
  TRANS = 'T':      Q**T * C       C * Q**T

  where Q is a real orthogonal matrix of order NQ, with NQ = M if
  SIDE = 'L' and NQ = N if SIDE = 'R'.
  The orthogonal matrix Q processes a 2-by-2 block structure

         [  Q11  Q12  ]
     Q = [            ]
         [  Q21  Q22  ],

  where Q12 is an N1-by-N1 lower triangular matrix and Q21 is an
  N2-by-N2 upper triangular matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q**T from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q**T from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  apply Q (No transpose);
          = 'C':  apply Q**T (Conjugate transpose).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN1\fP 
.br
\fIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N1 is INTEGER
          N2 is INTEGER
          The dimension of Q12 and Q21, respectively. N1, N2 >= 0.
          The following requirement must be satisfied:
          N1 + N2 = M if SIDE = 'L' and N1 + N2 = N if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension
                                       (LDQ,M) if SIDE = 'L'
                                       (LDQ,N) if SIDE = 'R'
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.
          LDQ >= max(1,M) if SIDE = 'L'; LDQ >= max(1,N) if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q*C or Q**T*C or C*Q**T or C*Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          If SIDE = 'L', LWORK >= max(1,N);
          if SIDE = 'R', LWORK >= max(1,M).
          For optimum performance LWORK >= M*N.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
January 2015 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 165 of file dorm22\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
