.TH "dsteqr.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsteqr.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsteqr\fP (COMPZ, \fBN\fP, D, E, Z, LDZ, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDSTEQR\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsteqr (character COMPZ, integer N, double precision, dimension( * ) D, double precision, dimension( * ) E, double precision, dimension( ldz, * ) Z, integer LDZ, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDSTEQR\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DSTEQR computes all eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors of a
 symmetric tridiagonal matrix using the implicit QL or QR method.
 The eigenvectors of a full or band symmetric matrix can also be found
 if DSYTRD or DSPTRD or DSBTRD has been used to reduce this matrix to
 tridiagonal form.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fICOMPZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          COMPZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only.
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the original
                  symmetric matrix.  On entry, Z must contain the
                  orthogonal matrix used to reduce the original matrix
                  to tridiagonal form.
          = 'I':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors of the
                  tridiagonal matrix.  Z is initialized to the identity
                  matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          On entry, the diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix.
          On exit, if INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N-1)
          On entry, the (n-1) subdiagonal elements of the tridiagonal
          matrix.
          On exit, E has been destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          On entry, if  COMPZ = 'V', then Z contains the orthogonal
          matrix used in the reduction to tridiagonal form.
          On exit, if INFO = 0, then if  COMPZ = 'V', Z contains the
          orthonormal eigenvectors of the original symmetric matrix,
          and if COMPZ = 'I', Z contains the orthonormal eigenvectors
          of the symmetric tridiagonal matrix.
          If COMPZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          eigenvectors are desired, then  LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (max(1,2*N-2))
          If COMPZ = 'N', then WORK is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  the algorithm has failed to find all the eigenvalues in
                a total of 30*N iterations; if INFO = i, then i
                elements of E have not converged to zero; on exit, D
                and E contain the elements of a symmetric tridiagonal
                matrix which is orthogonally similar to the original
                matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 133 of file dsteqr\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
