.TH "dtpmlqt.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dtpmlqt.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdtpmlqt\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, \fBN\fP, K, L, MB, V, LDV, T, LDT, A, \fBLDA\fP, B, \fBLDB\fP, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDTPMLQT\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dtpmlqt (character SIDE, character TRANS, integer M, integer N, integer K, integer L, integer MB, double precision, dimension( ldv, * ) V, integer LDV, double precision, dimension( ldt, * ) T, integer LDT, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension( ldb, * ) B, integer LDB, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDTPMLQT\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DTPMQRT applies a real orthogonal matrix Q obtained from a
 "triangular-pentagonal" real block reflector H to a general
 real matrix C, which consists of two blocks A and B.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q**T from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q**T from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  No transpose, apply Q;
          = 'T':  Transpose, apply Q**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix B. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix B. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of elementary reflectors whose product defines
          the matrix Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          L is INTEGER
          The order of the trapezoidal part of V.
          K >= L >= 0.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIMB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          MB is INTEGER
          The block size used for the storage of T.  K >= MB >= 1.
          This must be the same value of MB used to generate T
          in DTPLQT.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,K)
          The i-th row must contain the vector which defines the
          elementary reflector H(i), for i = 1,2,...,k, as returned by
          DTPLQT in B.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V.
          If SIDE = 'L', LDV >= max(1,M);
          if SIDE = 'R', LDV >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDT,K)
          The upper triangular factors of the block reflectors
          as returned by DTPLQT, stored as a MB-by-K matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= MB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension
          (LDA,N) if SIDE = 'L' or
          (LDA,K) if SIDE = 'R'
          On entry, the K-by-N or M-by-K matrix A.
          On exit, A is overwritten by the corresponding block of
          Q*C or Q**T*C or C*Q or C*Q**T.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.
          If SIDE = 'L', LDC >= max(1,K);
          If SIDE = 'R', LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDB,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix B.
          On exit, B is overwritten by the corresponding block of
          Q*C or Q**T*C or C*Q or C*Q**T.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.
          LDB >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array. The dimension of WORK is
           N*MB if SIDE = 'L', or  M*MB if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The columns of the pentagonal matrix V contain the elementary reflectors
  H(1), H(2), ..., H(K); V is composed of a rectangular block V1 and a
  trapezoidal block V2:

        V = [V1] [V2].


  The size of the trapezoidal block V2 is determined by the parameter L,
  where 0 <= L <= K; V2 is lower trapezoidal, consisting of the first L
  rows of a K-by-K upper triangular matrix.  If L=K, V2 is lower triangular;
  if L=0, there is no trapezoidal block, hence V = V1 is rectangular.

  If SIDE = 'L':  C = [A]  where A is K-by-N,  B is M-by-N and V is K-by-M.
                      [B]

  If SIDE = 'R':  C = [A B]  where A is M-by-K, B is M-by-N and V is K-by-N.

  The real orthogonal matrix Q is formed from V and T.

  If TRANS='N' and SIDE='L', C is on exit replaced with Q * C.

  If TRANS='T' and SIDE='L', C is on exit replaced with Q**T * C.

  If TRANS='N' and SIDE='R', C is on exit replaced with C * Q.

  If TRANS='T' and SIDE='R', C is on exit replaced with C * Q**T.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 218 of file dtpmlqt\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
