.TH "sdsdot.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sdsdot.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "real function \fBsdsdot\fP (\fBN\fP, SB, SX, INCX, SY, INCY)"
.br
.RI "\fBSDSDOT\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "real function sdsdot (integer N, real SB, real, dimension(*) SX, integer INCX, real, dimension(*) SY, integer INCY)"

.PP
\fBSDSDOT\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf

.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          number of elements in input vector(s)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SB is REAL
          single precision scalar to be added to inner product
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SX is REAL array, dimension ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCX ) )
          single precision vector with N elements
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
          storage spacing between elements of SX
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SY is REAL array, dimension ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCX ) )
          single precision vector with N elements
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
          storage spacing between elements of SY
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Lawson, C\&. L\&., (JPL), Hanson, R\&. J\&., (SNLA), 
.PP
Kincaid, D\&. R\&., (U\&. of Texas), Krogh, F\&. T\&., (JPL) 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
    REFERENCES

    C. L. Lawson, R. J. Hanson, D. R. Kincaid and F. T.
    Krogh, Basic linear algebra subprograms for Fortran
    usage, Algorithm No. 539, Transactions on Mathematical
    Software 5, 3 (September 1979), pp. 308-323.

    REVISION HISTORY  (YYMMDD)

    791001  DATE WRITTEN
    890531  Changed all specific intrinsics to generic.  (WRB)
    890831  Modified array declarations.  (WRB)
    890831  REVISION DATE from Version 3.2
    891214  Prologue converted to Version 4.0 format.  (BAB)
    920310  Corrected definition of LX in DESCRIPTION.  (WRB)
    920501  Reformatted the REFERENCES section.  (WRB)
    070118  Reformat to LAPACK coding style
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 166 of file sdsdot\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
