.TH "slartg.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slartg.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslartg\fP (F, G, CS, SN, R)"
.br
.RI "\fBSLARTG\fP generates a plane rotation with real cosine and real sine\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slartg (real F, real G, real CS, real SN, real R)"

.PP
\fBSLARTG\fP generates a plane rotation with real cosine and real sine\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLARTG generate a plane rotation so that

    [  CS  SN  ]  .  [ F ]  =  [ R ]   where CS**2 + SN**2 = 1.
    [ -SN  CS  ]     [ G ]     [ 0 ]

 This is a slower, more accurate version of the BLAS1 routine SROTG,
 with the following other differences:
    F and G are unchanged on return.
    If G=0, then CS=1 and SN=0.
    If F=0 and (G .ne. 0), then CS=0 and SN=1 without doing any
       floating point operations (saves work in SBDSQR when
       there are zeros on the diagonal).

 If F exceeds G in magnitude, CS will be positive.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          F is REAL
          The first component of vector to be rotated.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          G is REAL
          The second component of vector to be rotated.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CS is REAL
          The cosine of the rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SN is REAL
          The sine of the rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          R is REAL
          The nonzero component of the rotated vector.

  This version has a few statements commented out for thread safety
  (machine parameters are computed on each entry). 10 feb 03, SJH.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file slartg\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
