.TH "slasq5.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slasq5.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslasq5\fP (I0, N0, Z, PP, TAU, SIGMA, DMIN, DMIN1, DMIN2, DN, DNM1, DNM2, IEEE, EPS)"
.br
.RI "\fB SLASQ5 computes one dqds transform in ping-pong form\&. Used by sbdsqr and sstegr\&. \fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slasq5 (integer I0, integer N0, real, dimension( * ) Z, integer PP, real TAU, real SIGMA, real DMIN, real DMIN1, real DMIN2, real DN, real DNM1, real DNM2, logical IEEE, real EPS)"

.PP
\fB SLASQ5 computes one dqds transform in ping-pong form\&. Used by sbdsqr and sstegr\&. \fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLASQ5 computes one dqds transform in ping-pong form, one
 version for IEEE machines another for non IEEE machines.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fII0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          I0 is INTEGER
        First index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N0 is INTEGER
        Last index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is REAL array, dimension ( 4*N )
        Z holds the qd array. EMIN is stored in Z(4*N0) to avoid
        an extra argument.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PP is INTEGER
        PP=0 for ping, PP=1 for pong.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is REAL
        This is the shift.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIGMA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIGMA is REAL
        This is the accumulated shift up to this step.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN is REAL
        Minimum value of d.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN1 is REAL
        Minimum value of d, excluding D( N0 ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN2 is REAL
        Minimum value of d, excluding D( N0 ) and D( N0-1 ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN is REAL
        d(N0), the last value of d.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDNM1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DNM1 is REAL
        d(N0-1).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDNM2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DNM2 is REAL
        d(N0-2).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIEEE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IEEE is LOGICAL
        Flag for IEEE or non IEEE arithmetic.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEPS\fP 
.PP
.nf
         EPS is REAL
        This is the value of epsilon used.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 146 of file slasq5\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
