.TH "sptcon.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sptcon.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsptcon\fP (\fBN\fP, D, E, ANORM, RCOND, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBSPTCON\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sptcon (integer N, real, dimension( * ) D, real, dimension( * ) E, real ANORM, real RCOND, real, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBSPTCON\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SPTCON computes the reciprocal of the condition number (in the
 1-norm) of a real symmetric positive definite tridiagonal matrix
 using the factorization A = L*D*L**T or A = U**T*D*U computed by
 SPTTRF.

 Norm(inv(A)) is computed by a direct method, and the reciprocal of
 the condition number is computed as
              RCOND = 1 / (ANORM * norm(inv(A))).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the diagonal matrix D from the
          factorization of A, as computed by SPTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) off-diagonal elements of the unit bidiagonal factor
          U or L from the factorization of A,  as computed by SPTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIANORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ANORM is REAL
          The 1-norm of the original matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RCOND is REAL
          The reciprocal of the condition number of the matrix A,
          computed as RCOND = 1/(ANORM * AINVNM), where AINVNM is the
          1-norm of inv(A) computed in this routine.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The method used is described in Nicholas J. Higham, "Efficient
  Algorithms for Computing the Condition Number of a Tridiagonal
  Matrix", SIAM J. Sci. Stat. Comput., Vol. 7, No. 1, January 1986.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 120 of file sptcon\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
