.TH "dgetrf.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgetrf.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdgetrf\fP (M, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, IPIV, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBDGETRF\fP VARIANT: iterative version of Sivan Toledo's recursive LU algorithm "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dgetrf (integer M, integer N, double precision, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBDGETRF\fP VARIANT: iterative version of Sivan Toledo's recursive LU algorithm \fBPurpose:\fP 
.PP
.nf
 DGETRF computes an LU factorization of a general M-by-N matrix A
 using partial pivoting with row interchanges.

 The factorization has the form
    A = P * L * U
 where P is a permutation matrix, L is lower triangular with unit
 diagonal elements (lower trapezoidal if m > n), and U is upper
 triangular (upper trapezoidal if m < n).

 This code implements an iterative version of Sivan Toledo's recursive
 LU algorithm[1].  For square matrices, this iterative versions should
 be within a factor of two of the optimum number of memory transfers.

 The pattern is as follows, with the large blocks of U being updated
 in one call to DTRSM, and the dotted lines denoting sections that
 have had all pending permutations applied:

  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
 +-+-+---+-------+------
 | |1|   |       |
 |.+-+ 2 |       |
 | | |   |       |
 |.|.+-+-+   4   |
 | | | |1|       |
 | | |.+-+       |
 | | | | |       |
 |.|.|.|.+-+-+---+  8
 | | | | | |1|   |
 | | | | |.+-+ 2 |
 | | | | | | |   |
 | | | | |.|.+-+-+
 | | | | | | | |1|
 | | | | | | |.+-+
 | | | | | | | | |
 |.|.|.|.|.|.|.|.+-----
 | | | | | | | | |

 The 1-2-1-4-1-2-1-8-... pattern is the position of the last 1 bit in
 the binary expansion of the current column.  Each Schur update is
 applied as soon as the necessary portion of U is available.

 [1] Toledo, S. 1997. Locality of Reference in LU Decomposition with
 Partial Pivoting. SIAM J. Matrix Anal. Appl. 18, 4 (Oct. 1997),
 1065-1081. http://dx.doi.org/10.1137/S0895479896297744
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix to be factored.
          On exit, the factors L and U from the factorization
          A = P*L*U; the unit diagonal elements of L are not stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= min(M,N), row i of the
          matrix was interchanged with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, U(i,i) is exactly zero. The factorization
                has been completed, but the factor U is exactly
                singular, and division by zero will occur if it is used
                to solve a system of equations.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file VARIANTS/lu/REC/dgetrf\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
