.TH "zdrot.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zdrot.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzdrot\fP (\fBN\fP, CX, INCX, CY, INCY, C, S)"
.br
.RI "\fBZDROT\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zdrot (integer N, complex*16, dimension( * ) CX, integer INCX, complex*16, dimension( * ) CY, integer INCY, double precision C, double precision S)"

.PP
\fBZDROT\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 Applies a plane rotation, where the cos and sin (c and s) are real
 and the vectors cx and cy are complex.
 jack dongarra, linpack, 3/11/78.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the vectors cx and cy.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CX is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array CX must contain the n
           element vector cx. On exit, CX is overwritten by the updated
           vector cx.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           CX. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CY is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array CY must contain the n
           element vector cy. On exit, CY is overwritten by the updated
           vector cy.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           CY. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is DOUBLE PRECISION
           On entry, C specifies the cosine, cos.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is DOUBLE PRECISION
           On entry, S specifies the sine, sin.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 100 of file zdrot\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
