.TH "zgelqt3.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgelqt3.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "recursive subroutine \fBzgelqt3\fP (M, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, T, LDT, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZGELQT3\fP recursively computes a LQ factorization of a general real or complex matrix using the compact WY representation of Q\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "recursive subroutine zgelqt3 (integer M, integer N, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex*16, dimension( ldt, * ) T, integer LDT, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZGELQT3\fP recursively computes a LQ factorization of a general real or complex matrix using the compact WY representation of Q\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGELQT3 recursively computes a LQ factorization of a complex M-by-N
 matrix A, using the compact WY representation of Q.

 Based on the algorithm of Elmroth and Gustavson,
 IBM J. Res. Develop. Vol 44 No. 4 July 2000.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M =< N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the real M-by-N matrix A.  On exit, the elements on and
          below the diagonal contain the N-by-N lower triangular matrix L; the
          elements above the diagonal are the rows of V.  See below for
          further details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDT,N)
          The N-by-N upper triangular factor of the block reflector.
          The elements on and above the diagonal contain the block
          reflector T; the elements below the diagonal are not used.
          See below for further details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The matrix V stores the elementary reflectors H(i) in the i-th row
  above the diagonal. For example, if M=5 and N=3, the matrix V is

               V = (  1  v1 v1 v1 v1 )
                   (     1  v2 v2 v2 )
                   (     1  v3 v3 v3 )


  where the vi's represent the vectors which define H(i), which are returned
  in the matrix A.  The 1's along the diagonal of V are not stored in A.  The
  block reflector H is then given by

               H = I - V * T * V**T

  where V**T is the transpose of V.

  For details of the algorithm, see Elmroth and Gustavson (cited above).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 133 of file zgelqt3\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
