.TH "zgemlqt.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgemlqt.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgemlqt\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, \fBN\fP, K, MB, V, LDV, T, LDT, C, LDC, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZGEMLQT\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgemlqt (character SIDE, character TRANS, integer M, integer N, integer K, integer MB, complex*16, dimension( ldv, * ) V, integer LDV, complex*16, dimension( ldt, * ) T, integer LDT, complex*16, dimension( ldc, * ) C, integer LDC, complex*16, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZGEMLQT\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGEMLQT overwrites the general real M-by-N matrix C with

                 SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
 TRANS = 'N':      Q C            C Q
 TRANS = 'C':   Q**H C            C Q**H

 where Q is a complex orthogonal matrix defined as the product of K
 elementary reflectors:

       Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(K) = I - V T V**H

 generated using the compact WY representation as returned by ZGELQT.

 Q is of order M if SIDE = 'L' and of order N  if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q**H from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q**H from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  No transpose, apply Q;
          = 'C':  Transpose, apply Q**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of elementary reflectors whose product defines
          the matrix Q.
          If SIDE = 'L', M >= K >= 0;
          if SIDE = 'R', N >= K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIMB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          MB is INTEGER
          The block size used for the storage of T.  K >= MB >= 1.
          This must be the same value of MB used to generate T
          in DGELQT.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension
                               (LDV,M) if SIDE = 'L',
                               (LDV,N) if SIDE = 'R'
          The i-th row must contain the vector which defines the
          elementary reflector H(i), for i = 1,2,...,k, as returned by
          DGELQT in the first K rows of its array argument A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V. LDV >= max(1,K).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDT,K)
          The upper triangular factors of the block reflectors
          as returned by DGELQT, stored as a MB-by-K matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= MB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q C, Q**H C, C Q**H or C Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array. The dimension of
          WORK is N*MB if SIDE = 'L', or  M*MB if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 170 of file zgemlqt\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
