.TH "zgeru.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgeru.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgeru\fP (M, \fBN\fP, ALPHA, X, INCX, Y, INCY, A, \fBLDA\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fBZGERU\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgeru (integer M, integer N, complex*16 ALPHA, complex*16, dimension(*) X, integer INCX, complex*16, dimension(*) Y, integer INCY, complex*16, dimension(lda,*) A, integer LDA)"

.PP
\fBZGERU\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGERU  performs the rank 1 operation

    A := alpha*x*y**T + A,

 where alpha is a scalar, x is an m element vector, y is an n element
 vector and A is an m by n matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry, M specifies the number of rows of the matrix A.
           M must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( m - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the m
           element vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array Y must contain the n
           element vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension ( LDA, N )
           Before entry, the leading m by n part of the array A must
           contain the matrix of coefficients. On exit, A is
           overwritten by the updated matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 132 of file zgeru\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
