.TH "zgghd3.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgghd3.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgghd3\fP (COMPQ, COMPZ, \fBN\fP, ILO, IHI, A, \fBLDA\fP, B, \fBLDB\fP, Q, LDQ, Z, LDZ, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZGGHD3\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgghd3 (character COMPQ, character COMPZ, integer N, integer ILO, integer IHI, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex*16, dimension( ldb, * ) B, integer LDB, complex*16, dimension( ldq, * ) Q, integer LDQ, complex*16, dimension( ldz, * ) Z, integer LDZ, complex*16, dimension( * ) WORK, integer LWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZGGHD3\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGGHD3 reduces a pair of complex matrices (A,B) to generalized upper
 Hessenberg form using unitary transformations, where A is a
 general matrix and B is upper triangular.  The form of the
 generalized eigenvalue problem is
    A*x = lambda*B*x,
 and B is typically made upper triangular by computing its QR
 factorization and moving the unitary matrix Q to the left side
 of the equation.

 This subroutine simultaneously reduces A to a Hessenberg matrix H:
    Q**H*A*Z = H
 and transforms B to another upper triangular matrix T:
    Q**H*B*Z = T
 in order to reduce the problem to its standard form
    H*y = lambda*T*y
 where y = Z**H*x.

 The unitary matrices Q and Z are determined as products of Givens
 rotations.  They may either be formed explicitly, or they may be
 postmultiplied into input matrices Q1 and Z1, so that
      Q1 * A * Z1**H = (Q1*Q) * H * (Z1*Z)**H
      Q1 * B * Z1**H = (Q1*Q) * T * (Z1*Z)**H
 If Q1 is the unitary matrix from the QR factorization of B in the
 original equation A*x = lambda*B*x, then ZGGHD3 reduces the original
 problem to generalized Hessenberg form.

 This is a blocked variant of CGGHRD, using matrix-matrix
 multiplications for parts of the computation to enhance performance.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fICOMPQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          COMPQ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N': do not compute Q;
          = 'I': Q is initialized to the unit matrix, and the
                 unitary matrix Q is returned;
          = 'V': Q must contain a unitary matrix Q1 on entry,
                 and the product Q1*Q is returned.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICOMPZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          COMPZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N': do not compute Z;
          = 'I': Z is initialized to the unit matrix, and the
                 unitary matrix Z is returned;
          = 'V': Z must contain a unitary matrix Z1 on entry,
                 and the product Z1*Z is returned.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrices A and B.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIILO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ILO is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIHI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IHI is INTEGER

          ILO and IHI mark the rows and columns of A which are to be
          reduced.  It is assumed that A is already upper triangular
          in rows and columns 1:ILO-1 and IHI+1:N.  ILO and IHI are
          normally set by a previous call to ZGGBAL; otherwise they
          should be set to 1 and N respectively.
          1 <= ILO <= IHI <= N, if N > 0; ILO=1 and IHI=0, if N=0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA, N)
          On entry, the N-by-N general matrix to be reduced.
          On exit, the upper triangle and the first subdiagonal of A
          are overwritten with the upper Hessenberg matrix H, and the
          rest is set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDB, N)
          On entry, the N-by-N upper triangular matrix B.
          On exit, the upper triangular matrix T = Q**H B Z.  The
          elements below the diagonal are set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDQ, N)
          On entry, if COMPQ = 'V', the unitary matrix Q1, typically
          from the QR factorization of B.
          On exit, if COMPQ='I', the unitary matrix Q, and if
          COMPQ = 'V', the product Q1*Q.
          Not referenced if COMPQ='N'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.
          LDQ >= N if COMPQ='V' or 'I'; LDQ >= 1 otherwise.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          On entry, if COMPZ = 'V', the unitary matrix Z1.
          On exit, if COMPZ='I', the unitary matrix Z, and if
          COMPZ = 'V', the product Z1*Z.
          Not referenced if COMPZ='N'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.
          LDZ >= N if COMPZ='V' or 'I'; LDZ >= 1 otherwise.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LWORK)
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The length of the array WORK.  LWORK >= 1.
          For optimum performance LWORK >= 6*N*NB, where NB is the
          optimal blocksize.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
January 2015 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  This routine reduces A to Hessenberg form and maintains B in
  using a blocked variant of Moler and Stewart's original algorithm,
  as described by Kagstrom, Kressner, Quintana-Orti, and Quintana-Orti
  (BIT 2008).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 229 of file zgghd3\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
