.TH "zheevr_2stage.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zheevr_2stage.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzheevr_2stage\fP (JOBZ, RANGE, UPLO, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, VL, VU, IL, IU, ABSTOL, M, W, Z, LDZ, ISUPPZ, WORK, LWORK, RWORK, LRWORK, IWORK, LIWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fB ZHEEVR_2STAGE computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for HE matrices\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zheevr_2stage (character JOBZ, character RANGE, character UPLO, integer N, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision VL, double precision VU, integer IL, integer IU, double precision ABSTOL, integer M, double precision, dimension( * ) W, complex*16, dimension( ldz, * ) Z, integer LDZ, integer, dimension( * ) ISUPPZ, complex*16, dimension( * ) WORK, integer LWORK, double precision, dimension( * ) RWORK, integer LRWORK, integer, dimension( * ) IWORK, integer LIWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fB ZHEEVR_2STAGE computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for HE matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHEEVR_2STAGE computes selected eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors
 of a complex Hermitian matrix A using the 2stage technique for
 the reduction to tridiagonal.  Eigenvalues and eigenvectors can
 be selected by specifying either a range of values or a range of
 indices for the desired eigenvalues.

 ZHEEVR_2STAGE first reduces the matrix A to tridiagonal form T with a call
 to ZHETRD.  Then, whenever possible, ZHEEVR_2STAGE calls ZSTEMR to compute
 eigenspectrum using Relatively Robust Representations.  ZSTEMR
 computes eigenvalues by the dqds algorithm, while orthogonal
 eigenvectors are computed from various "good" L D L^T representations
 (also known as Relatively Robust Representations). Gram-Schmidt
 orthogonalization is avoided as far as possible. More specifically,
 the various steps of the algorithm are as follows.

 For each unreduced block (submatrix) of T,
    (a) Compute T - sigma I  = L D L^T, so that L and D
        define all the wanted eigenvalues to high relative accuracy.
        This means that small relative changes in the entries of D and L
        cause only small relative changes in the eigenvalues and
        eigenvectors. The standard (unfactored) representation of the
        tridiagonal matrix T does not have this property in general.
    (b) Compute the eigenvalues to suitable accuracy.
        If the eigenvectors are desired, the algorithm attains full
        accuracy of the computed eigenvalues only right before
        the corresponding vectors have to be computed, see steps c) and d).
    (c) For each cluster of close eigenvalues, select a new
        shift close to the cluster, find a new factorization, and refine
        the shifted eigenvalues to suitable accuracy.
    (d) For each eigenvalue with a large enough relative separation compute
        the corresponding eigenvector by forming a rank revealing twisted
        factorization. Go back to (c) for any clusters that remain.

 The desired accuracy of the output can be specified by the input
 parameter ABSTOL.

 For more details, see DSTEMR's documentation and:
 - Inderjit S. Dhillon and Beresford N. Parlett: "Multiple representations
   to compute orthogonal eigenvectors of symmetric tridiagonal matrices,"
   Linear Algebra and its Applications, 387(1), pp. 1-28, August 2004.
 - Inderjit Dhillon and Beresford Parlett: "Orthogonal Eigenvectors and
   Relative Gaps," SIAM Journal on Matrix Analysis and Applications, Vol. 25,
   2004.  Also LAPACK Working Note 154.
 - Inderjit Dhillon: "A new O(n^2) algorithm for the symmetric
   tridiagonal eigenvalue/eigenvector problem",
   Computer Science Division Technical Report No. UCB/CSD-97-971,
   UC Berkeley, May 1997.


 Note 1 : ZHEEVR_2STAGE calls ZSTEMR when the full spectrum is requested
 on machines which conform to the ieee-754 floating point standard.
 ZHEEVR_2STAGE calls DSTEBZ and ZSTEIN on non-ieee machines and
 when partial spectrum requests are made.

 Normal execution of ZSTEMR may create NaNs and infinities and
 hence may abort due to a floating point exception in environments
 which do not handle NaNs and infinities in the ieee standard default
 manner.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
                  Not available in this release.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRANGE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RANGE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'A': all eigenvalues will be found.
          = 'V': all eigenvalues in the half-open interval (VL,VU]
                 will be found.
          = 'I': the IL-th through IU-th eigenvalues will be found.
          For RANGE = 'V' or 'I' and IU - IL < N - 1, DSTEBZ and
          ZSTEIN are called
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA, N)
          On entry, the Hermitian matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the
          leading N-by-N upper triangular part of A contains the
          upper triangular part of the matrix A.  If UPLO = 'L',
          the leading N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains
          the lower triangular part of the matrix A.
          On exit, the lower triangle (if UPLO='L') or the upper
          triangle (if UPLO='U') of A, including the diagonal, is
          destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VL is DOUBLE PRECISION
          If RANGE='V', the lower bound of the interval to
          be searched for eigenvalues. VL < VU.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'I'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VU is DOUBLE PRECISION
          If RANGE='V', the upper bound of the interval to
          be searched for eigenvalues. VL < VU.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'I'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IL is INTEGER
          If RANGE='I', the index of the
          smallest eigenvalue to be returned.
          1 <= IL <= IU <= N, if N > 0; IL = 1 and IU = 0 if N = 0.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'V'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IU is INTEGER
          If RANGE='I', the index of the
          largest eigenvalue to be returned.
          1 <= IL <= IU <= N, if N > 0; IL = 1 and IU = 0 if N = 0.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'V'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIABSTOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ABSTOL is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The absolute error tolerance for the eigenvalues.
          An approximate eigenvalue is accepted as converged
          when it is determined to lie in an interval [a,b]
          of width less than or equal to

                  ABSTOL + EPS *   max( |a|,|b| ) ,

          where EPS is the machine precision.  If ABSTOL is less than
          or equal to zero, then  EPS*|T|  will be used in its place,
          where |T| is the 1-norm of the tridiagonal matrix obtained
          by reducing A to tridiagonal form.

          See "Computing Small Singular Values of Bidiagonal Matrices
          with Guaranteed High Relative Accuracy," by Demmel and
          Kahan, LAPACK Working Note #3.

          If high relative accuracy is important, set ABSTOL to
          DLAMCH( 'Safe minimum' ).  Doing so will guarantee that
          eigenvalues are computed to high relative accuracy when
          possible in future releases.  The current code does not
          make any guarantees about high relative accuracy, but
          furutre releases will. See J. Barlow and J. Demmel,
          "Computing Accurate Eigensystems of Scaled Diagonally
          Dominant Matrices", LAPACK Working Note #7, for a discussion
          of which matrices define their eigenvalues to high relative
          accuracy.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The total number of eigenvalues found.  0 <= M <= N.
          If RANGE = 'A', M = N, and if RANGE = 'I', M = IU-IL+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          The first M elements contain the selected eigenvalues in
          ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDZ, max(1,M))
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, the first M columns of Z
          contain the orthonormal eigenvectors of the matrix A
          corresponding to the selected eigenvalues, with the i-th
          column of Z holding the eigenvector associated with W(i).
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
          Note: the user must ensure that at least max(1,M) columns are
          supplied in the array Z; if RANGE = 'V', the exact value of M
          is not known in advance and an upper bound must be used.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIISUPPZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ISUPPZ is INTEGER array, dimension ( 2*max(1,M) )
          The support of the eigenvectors in Z, i.e., the indices
          indicating the nonzero elements in Z. The i-th eigenvector
          is nonzero only in elements ISUPPZ( 2*i-1 ) through
          ISUPPZ( 2*i ). This is an output of ZSTEMR (tridiagonal
          matrix). The support of the eigenvectors of A is typically 
          1:N because of the unitary transformations applied by ZUNMTR.
          Implemented only for RANGE = 'A' or 'I' and IU - IL = N - 1
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.  
          If JOBZ = 'N' and N > 1, LWORK must be queried.
                                   LWORK = MAX(1, 26*N, dimension) where
                                   dimension = max(stage1,stage2) + (KD+1)*N + N
                                             = N*KD + N*max(KD+1,FACTOPTNB) 
                                               + max(2*KD*KD, KD*NTHREADS) 
                                               + (KD+1)*N + N
                                   where KD is the blocking size of the reduction,
                                   FACTOPTNB is the blocking used by the QR or LQ
                                   algorithm, usually FACTOPTNB=128 is a good choice
                                   NTHREADS is the number of threads used when
                                   openMP compilation is enabled, otherwise =1.
          If JOBZ = 'V' and N > 1, LWORK must be queried. Not yet available

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK, RWORK and
          IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries of
          the WORK, RWORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message
          related to LWORK or LRWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LRWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, RWORK(1) returns the optimal
          (and minimal) LRWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LRWORK is INTEGER
          The length of the array RWORK.  LRWORK >= max(1,24*N).

          If LRWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK, RWORK
          and IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries
          of the WORK, RWORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message
          related to LWORK or LRWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (MAX(1,LIWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, IWORK(1) returns the optimal
          (and minimal) LIWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LIWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array IWORK.  LIWORK >= max(1,10*N).

          If LIWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK, RWORK
          and IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries
          of the WORK, RWORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message
          related to LWORK or LRWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  Internal error
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
June 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Inderjit Dhillon, IBM Almaden, USA 
.br
 Osni Marques, LBNL/NERSC, USA 
.br
 Ken Stanley, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.br
 Jason Riedy, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.br
 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  All details about the 2stage techniques are available in:

  Azzam Haidar, Hatem Ltaief, and Jack Dongarra.
  Parallel reduction to condensed forms for symmetric eigenvalue problems
  using aggregated fine-grained and memory-aware kernels. In Proceedings
  of 2011 International Conference for High Performance Computing,
  Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC '11), New York, NY, USA,
  Article 8 , 11 pages.
  http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2063384.2063394

  A. Haidar, J. Kurzak, P. Luszczek, 2013.
  An improved parallel singular value algorithm and its implementation 
  for multicore hardware, In Proceedings of 2013 International Conference
  for High Performance Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis (SC '13).
  Denver, Colorado, USA, 2013.
  Article 90, 12 pages.
  http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2503210.2503292

  A. Haidar, R. Solca, S. Tomov, T. Schulthess and J. Dongarra.
  A novel hybrid CPU-GPU generalized eigensolver for electronic structure 
  calculations based on fine-grained memory aware tasks.
  International Journal of High Performance Computing Applications.
  Volume 28 Issue 2, Pages 196-209, May 2014.
  http://hpc.sagepub.com/content/28/2/196 
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 408 of file zheevr_2stage\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
