.TH "zheequb.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zheequb.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzheequb\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, S, SCOND, AMAX, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZHEEQUB\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zheequb (character UPLO, integer N, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension( * ) S, double precision SCOND, double precision AMAX, complex*16, dimension( * ) WORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZHEEQUB\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHEEQUB computes row and column scalings intended to equilibrate a
 Hermitian matrix A (with respect to the Euclidean norm) and reduce
 its condition number. The scale factors S are computed by the BIN
 algorithm (see references) so that the scaled matrix B with elements
 B(i,j) = S(i)*A(i,j)*S(j) has a condition number within a factor N of
 the smallest possible condition number over all possible diagonal
 scalings.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The N-by-N Hermitian matrix whose scaling factors are to be
          computed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, S contains the scale factors for A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCOND is DOUBLE PRECISION
          If INFO = 0, S contains the ratio of the smallest S(i) to
          the largest S(i). If SCOND >= 0.1 and AMAX is neither too
          large nor too small, it is not worth scaling by S.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AMAX is DOUBLE PRECISION
          Largest absolute value of any matrix element. If AMAX is
          very close to overflow or very close to underflow, the
          matrix should be scaled.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the i-th diagonal element is nonpositive.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
April 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBReferences: \fP
.RS 4
Livne, O\&.E\&. and Golub, G\&.H\&., 'Scaling by Binormalization', 
.br
 Numerical Algorithms, vol\&. 35, no\&. 1, pp\&. 97-120, January 2004\&. 
.br
 DOI 10\&.1023/B:NUMA\&.0000016606\&.32820\&.69 
.br
 Tech report version: http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.3.1679 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 134 of file zheequb\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
