.TH "zher2.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zher2.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzher2\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, ALPHA, X, INCX, Y, INCY, A, \fBLDA\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fBZHER2\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zher2 (character UPLO, integer N, complex*16 ALPHA, complex*16, dimension(*) X, integer INCX, complex*16, dimension(*) Y, integer INCY, complex*16, dimension(lda,*) A, integer LDA)"

.PP
\fBZHER2\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHER2  performs the hermitian rank 2 operation

    A := alpha*x*y**H + conjg( alpha )*y*x**H + A,

 where alpha is a scalar, x and y are n element vectors and A is an n
 by n hermitian matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the upper or lower
           triangular part of the array A is to be referenced as
           follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   Only the upper triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   Only the lower triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the n
           element vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array Y must contain the n
           element vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension ( LDA, N )
           Before entry with  UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the leading n by n
           upper triangular part of the array A must contain the upper
           triangular part of the hermitian matrix and the strictly
           lower triangular part of A is not referenced. On exit, the
           upper triangular part of the array A is overwritten by the
           upper triangular part of the updated matrix.
           Before entry with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', the leading n by n
           lower triangular part of the array A must contain the lower
           triangular part of the hermitian matrix and the strictly
           upper triangular part of A is not referenced. On exit, the
           lower triangular part of the array A is overwritten by the
           lower triangular part of the updated matrix.
           Note that the imaginary parts of the diagonal elements need
           not be set, they are assumed to be zero, and on exit they
           are set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, n ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file zher2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
