.TH "zhetrf_aa_2stage.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zhetrf_aa_2stage.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzhetrf_aa_2stage\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, TB, LTB, IPIV, IPIV2, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZHETRF_AA_2STAGE\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zhetrf_aa_2stage (character UPLO, integer N, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex*16, dimension( * ) TB, integer LTB, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV2, complex*16, dimension( * ) WORK, integer LWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZHETRF_AA_2STAGE\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHETRF_AA_2STAGE computes the factorization of a double hermitian matrix A
 using the Aasen's algorithm.  The form of the factorization is

    A = U*T*U**T  or  A = L*T*L**T

 where U (or L) is a product of permutation and unit upper (lower)
 triangular matrices, and T is a hermitian band matrix with the
 bandwidth of NB (NB is internally selected and stored in TB( 1 ), and T is 
 LU factorized with partial pivoting).

 This is the blocked version of the algorithm, calling Level 3 BLAS.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the hermitian matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          N-by-N upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, L is stored below (or above) the subdiaonal blocks,
          when UPLO  is 'L' (or 'U').
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TB is COMPLEX array, dimension (LTB)
          On exit, details of the LU factorization of the band matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILTB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          The size of the array TB. LTB >= 4*N, internally
          used to select NB such that LTB >= (3*NB+1)*N.

          If LTB = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal size of LTB, 
          returns this value as the first entry of TB, and
          no error message related to LTB is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          On exit, it contains the details of the interchanges, i.e.,
          the row and column k of A were interchanged with the
          row and column IPIV(k).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          On exit, it contains the details of the interchanges, i.e.,
          the row and column k of T were interchanged with the
          row and column IPIV(k).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX workspace of size LWORK
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          The size of WORK. LWORK >= N, internally used to select NB
          such that LWORK >= N*NB.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array,
          returns this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and
          no error message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
          > 0:  if INFO = i, band LU factorization failed on i-th column
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2017 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 160 of file zhetrf_aa_2stage\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
