.TH "zhetri_3x.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zhetri_3x.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzhetri_3x\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, E, IPIV, WORK, NB, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZHETRI_3X\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zhetri_3x (character UPLO, integer N, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex*16, dimension( * ) E, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, complex*16, dimension( n+nb+1, * ) WORK, integer NB, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZHETRI_3X\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHETRI_3X computes the inverse of a complex Hermitian indefinite
 matrix A using the factorization computed by ZHETRF_RK or ZHETRF_BK:

     A = P*U*D*(U**H)*(P**T) or A = P*L*D*(L**H)*(P**T),

 where U (or L) is unit upper (or lower) triangular matrix,
 U**H (or L**H) is the conjugate of U (or L), P is a permutation
 matrix, P**T is the transpose of P, and D is Hermitian and block
 diagonal with 1-by-1 and 2-by-2 diagonal blocks.

 This is the blocked version of the algorithm, calling Level 3 BLAS.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the details of the factorization are
          stored as an upper or lower triangular matrix.
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, diagonal of the block diagonal matrix D and
          factors U or L as computed by ZHETRF_RK and ZHETRF_BK:
            a) ONLY diagonal elements of the Hermitian block diagonal
               matrix D on the diagonal of A, i.e. D(k,k) = A(k,k);
               (superdiagonal (or subdiagonal) elements of D
                should be provided on entry in array E), and
            b) If UPLO = 'U': factor U in the superdiagonal part of A.
               If UPLO = 'L': factor L in the subdiagonal part of A.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the Hermitian inverse of the original
          matrix.
             If UPLO = 'U': the upper triangular part of the inverse
             is formed and the part of A below the diagonal is not
             referenced;
             If UPLO = 'L': the lower triangular part of the inverse
             is formed and the part of A above the diagonal is not
             referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          On entry, contains the superdiagonal (or subdiagonal)
          elements of the Hermitian block diagonal matrix D
          with 1-by-1 or 2-by-2 diagonal blocks, where
          If UPLO = 'U': E(i) = D(i-1,i), i=2:N, E(1) not referenced;
          If UPLO = 'L': E(i) = D(i+1,i), i=1:N-1, E(N) not referenced.

          NOTE: For 1-by-1 diagonal block D(k), where
          1 <= k <= N, the element E(k) is not referenced in both
          UPLO = 'U' or UPLO = 'L' cases.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D
          as determined by ZHETRF_RK or ZHETRF_BK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N+NB+1,NB+3).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NB is INTEGER
          Block size.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = i, D(i,i) = 0; the matrix is singular and its
               inverse could not be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
June 2017 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
June 2017, Igor Kozachenko, Computer Science Division, University of California, Berkeley
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file zhetri_3x\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
