.TH "zla_gbrcond_x.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zla_gbrcond_x.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double precision function \fBzla_gbrcond_x\fP (TRANS, \fBN\fP, KL, KU, AB, LDAB, AFB, LDAFB, IPIV, X, INFO, WORK, RWORK)"
.br
.RI "\fBZLA_GBRCOND_X\fP computes the infinity norm condition number of op(A)*diag(x) for general banded matrices\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double precision function zla_gbrcond_x (character TRANS, integer N, integer KL, integer KU, complex*16, dimension( ldab, * ) AB, integer LDAB, complex*16, dimension( ldafb, * ) AFB, integer LDAFB, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, complex*16, dimension( * ) X, integer INFO, complex*16, dimension( * ) WORK, double precision, dimension( * ) RWORK)"

.PP
\fBZLA_GBRCOND_X\fP computes the infinity norm condition number of op(A)*diag(x) for general banded matrices\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
    ZLA_GBRCOND_X Computes the infinity norm condition number of
    op(A) * diag(X) where X is a COMPLEX*16 vector.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
     Specifies the form of the system of equations:
       = 'N':  A * X = B     (No transpose)
       = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
       = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate Transpose = Transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
     matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KL is INTEGER
     The number of subdiagonals within the band of A.  KL >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KU is INTEGER
     The number of superdiagonals within the band of A.  KU >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAB,N)
     On entry, the matrix A in band storage, in rows 1 to KL+KU+1.
     The j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the
     array AB as follows:
     AB(KU+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-KU)<=i<=min(N,j+kl)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KL+KU+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAFB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AFB is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAFB,N)
     Details of the LU factorization of the band matrix A, as
     computed by ZGBTRF.  U is stored as an upper triangular
     band matrix with KL+KU superdiagonals in rows 1 to KL+KU+1,
     and the multipliers used during the factorization are stored
     in rows KL+KU+2 to 2*KL+KU+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAFB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAFB is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AFB.  LDAFB >= 2*KL+KU+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
     The pivot indices from the factorization A = P*L*U
     as computed by ZGBTRF; row i of the matrix was interchanged
     with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
     The vector X in the formula op(A) * diag(X).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
       = 0:  Successful exit.
     i > 0:  The ith argument is invalid.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (2*N).
     Workspace.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N).
     Workspace.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 157 of file zla_gbrcond_x\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
