.TH "zla_herpvgrw.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zla_herpvgrw.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double precision function \fBzla_herpvgrw\fP (UPLO, \fBN\fP, INFO, A, \fBLDA\fP, AF, LDAF, IPIV, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fBZLA_HERPVGRW\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double precision function zla_herpvgrw (character*1 UPLO, integer N, integer INFO, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, complex*16, dimension( ldaf, * ) AF, integer LDAF, integer, dimension( * ) IPIV, double precision, dimension( * ) WORK)"

.PP
\fBZLA_HERPVGRW\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZLA_HERPVGRW computes the reciprocal pivot growth factor
 norm(A)/norm(U). The "max absolute element" norm is used. If this is
 much less than 1, the stability of the LU factorization of the
 (equilibrated) matrix A could be poor. This also means that the
 solution X, estimated condition numbers, and error bounds could be
 unreliable.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
       = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
       = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
     matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
     The value of INFO returned from ZHETRF, .i.e., the pivot in
     column INFO is exactly 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
     On entry, the N-by-N matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAF,N)
     The block diagonal matrix D and the multipliers used to
     obtain the factor U or L as computed by ZHETRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAF is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AF.  LDAF >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
     Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D
     as determined by ZHETRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
June 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 125 of file zla_herpvgrw\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
