.TH "zpoequ.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zpoequ.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzpoequ\fP (\fBN\fP, A, \fBLDA\fP, S, SCOND, AMAX, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZPOEQU\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zpoequ (integer N, complex*16, dimension( lda, * ) A, integer LDA, double precision, dimension( * ) S, double precision SCOND, double precision AMAX, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZPOEQU\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZPOEQU computes row and column scalings intended to equilibrate a
 Hermitian positive definite matrix A and reduce its condition number
 (with respect to the two-norm).  S contains the scale factors,
 S(i) = 1/sqrt(A(i,i)), chosen so that the scaled matrix B with
 elements B(i,j) = S(i)*A(i,j)*S(j) has ones on the diagonal.  This
 choice of S puts the condition number of B within a factor N of the
 smallest possible condition number over all possible diagonal
 scalings.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The N-by-N Hermitian positive definite matrix whose scaling
          factors are to be computed.  Only the diagonal elements of A
          are referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, S contains the scale factors for A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCOND is DOUBLE PRECISION
          If INFO = 0, S contains the ratio of the smallest S(i) to
          the largest S(i).  If SCOND >= 0.1 and AMAX is neither too
          large nor too small, it is not worth scaling by S.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AMAX is DOUBLE PRECISION
          Absolute value of largest matrix element.  If AMAX is very
          close to overflow or very close to underflow, the matrix
          should be scaled.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the i-th diagonal element is nonpositive.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
December 2016 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file zpoequ\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
