.TH "zunbdb6.f" 3 "Tue Nov 14 2017" "Version 3.8.0" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zunbdb6.f
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzunbdb6\fP (M1, M2, \fBN\fP, X1, INCX1, X2, INCX2, Q1, LDQ1, Q2, LDQ2, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fBZUNBDB6\fP "
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zunbdb6 (integer M1, integer M2, integer N, complex*16, dimension(*) X1, integer INCX1, complex*16, dimension(*) X2, integer INCX2, complex*16, dimension(ldq1,*) Q1, integer LDQ1, complex*16, dimension(ldq2,*) Q2, integer LDQ2, complex*16, dimension(*) WORK, integer LWORK, integer INFO)"

.PP
\fBZUNBDB6\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZUNBDB6 orthogonalizes the column vector
      X = [ X1 ]
          [ X2 ]
 with respect to the columns of
      Q = [ Q1 ] .
          [ Q2 ]
 The columns of Q must be orthonormal.

 If the projection is zero according to Kahan's "twice is enough"
 criterion, then the zero vector is returned.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M1 is INTEGER
           The dimension of X1 and the number of rows in Q1. 0 <= M1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M2 is INTEGER
           The dimension of X2 and the number of rows in Q2. 0 <= M2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           The number of columns in Q1 and Q2. 0 <= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X1 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (M1)
           On entry, the top part of the vector to be orthogonalized.
           On exit, the top part of the projected vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX1 is INTEGER
           Increment for entries of X1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X2 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (M2)
           On entry, the bottom part of the vector to be
           orthogonalized. On exit, the bottom part of the projected
           vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX2 is INTEGER
           Increment for entries of X2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q1 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDQ1, N)
           The top part of the orthonormal basis matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ1 is INTEGER
           The leading dimension of Q1. LDQ1 >= M1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q2 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDQ2, N)
           The bottom part of the orthonormal basis matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ2 is INTEGER
           The leading dimension of Q2. LDQ2 >= M2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LWORK)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
           The dimension of the array WORK. LWORK >= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
           = 0:  successful exit.
           < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
July 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 156 of file zunbdb6\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
